draft getting started (#12392)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/llm-analytics/installation/langchain.mdx

</MultiLanguage>

<LLMsSDKsCallout />

</Step>

<Step title="Initialize PostHog and LangChain" badge="required">

> In the spot where you make your OpenAI calls, import PostHog, LangChain, and our LangChain `CallbackHandler`. Initialize PostHog with your project API key and host (from [your project settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project)), and pass it to the `CallbackHandler` along with (optionally) a user distinct ID, trace ID, PostHog properties, [groups](/docs/product-analytics/group-analytics), and privacy mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the spot where you make your OpenAI calls, import PostHog, LangChain, and our LangChain `CallbackHandler`. Initialize PostHog with your project API key and host from [your project settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project), and pass it to the `CallbackHandler`. 

Optionally, you can provide a user distinct ID, trace ID, PostHog properties, [groups](/docs/product-analytics/group-analytics), and privacy mode.
```

Reviewer: When should someone provide a ` provide a user distinct ID, trace ID, PostHog properties, [groups](/docs/product-analytics/group-analytics), and privacy mode.` ?

What does providing these do?

> > **Note:** If you want to capture LLM events anonymously, **don't** pass a distinct ID to the `CallbackHandler`. See our docs on [anonymous vs identified events](/docs/data/anonymous-vs-identified-events) to learn more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to capture LLM events anonymously, **don't** pass a distinct ID to the `CallbackHandler`. See our docs on [anonymous vs identified events](/docs/data/anonymous-vs-identified-events) to learn more. 
```

Or maybe use `<CalloutBox>` if this is super important, quote boxes provide visual separation, which isn't needed here.

Reviewer: Does this note apply to other platforms?

</MultiLanguage>

> This automatically captures many properties into PostHog including `$ai_input`, `$ai_input_tokens`, `$ai_latency`, `$ai_model`, `$ai_model_parameters`, `$ai_output_choices`, and `$ai_output_tokens`. It also automatically creates a trace hierarchy based on how LangChain components are nested.

Reviewer: I think I mentioned above, maybe this should be a table with some additional explanations for what these are. + a note that these can be used during insight/dataware house analysis
